DEV: document foreground query timeout limit (#3744)
redis/docs: content/develop/ai/search-and-query/administration/configuration.md

- Flexible & Annual: `1000000`
- Free & Fixed: `10000`

> ### search-_max-foreground-timeout-limit

Reviewer: There's no table entry. I can take care of this if you'd rather not touch the table.

BTW, this is kind of a strange name for a search-related configuration parameter (IMHO) as it really doesn't match existing nomenclature.

Author: Thanks, I’d appreciate it if you could handle the table entry.
 I agree that the name is unusual and doesn’t match the existing Search naming conventions. However, this is the selected configuration name, and the parameter is intended primarily for internal use anyway.

> Available in Redis Query Engine 8.10 and later.

Reviewer: We don't reference Redis query engine in the docs; just Redis Search.

```suggestion
Available in Redis Search 8.10 and later.
```

Author: Fixed
